{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We left Kansas City and ate waffles (again) in the morning. We gave Aidan\'92s Grandparents a signed photo. Aidan brought everyone to 38th and Garfield, the spot where his family recovered all of their stuff from the side of the road after it was stolen. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We had a great singing rehearsal in the car. \'a0Most of us tend to be a little flat, except for Jackson who tends to be a little sharp. 
\i I felt stressed because I don\'92t like singing. -SM
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 A really big pigeon bounced off our windshield for no reason and we felt bad :( 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We arrived in Madison. We were confused by college students. Felt superior and strange. Saw the house Aidan lived in for the first months of his life.
\i  
\i0 While waiting for Adam to show up, Aidan played tenor banjo on his front lawn. Had a conversation with a guy there about banjo. Adam showed up and we ate pizza. Then, we went to Adam\'92s radio show. Afterwards we went out to a bar and tried local beer. Aidan played Dylan songs with random people outside.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Conor slept with Adam, who woke him up in the middle of the night with weird barking sounds. Conor has a hard time going back to sleep after this.
\f1\fs24 \
}