{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Woke at 7 to pack up tent; then spent 10 hours in the car.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Making a setlist for Portland in the car. Also trying to wrangle a keyboard from ben blechman.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93War horse jackson\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Stopped at a deli and everything was ashy. And so hot.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Captions for Steven smolder photo:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Who wants to learn a little sumthin about Washington?\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Howdy Folks!\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93And on your left, a cool camouflage hat.\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Look ma, two hands!\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Welcome to the historic spot where we found Aidan\'92s camouflage hat\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93I have a map!\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Wh wh wh why do you wanna eat me?\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 House show in Portland! \'a0This was our ad for the gig:\uc0\u8232 \'93PSA to Portland folks! Or other folks who have friends who are Portland folks! Pumpkin Bread is playing a show near you tonight! We're going to get highly caffeinated at some Portland coffee roasters and play lots of good notes (get it?) for you. Come on out!\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \'93Fuck you and your goddamn gingerbread house music!\'94 -Dave
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Ronnie showed us his record collection twice. Also kept getting us beers.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Nike crowd. Confusing political demographic? They were really rich. We learned we can\'92t play the nap tune without maura.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The roads were windy, the air was hazy and smelled strongly of fire. Someone at the grocery store said \'93the whole state is burning down.\'94 I have trouble distinguishing Oregon and New Hampshire. There\'92s a big fire in a gorge because a kid threw a firecracker in there. How have I not heard about this? We stopped to look at big trees. Conor found me a camouflage hat on the ground. We saw many cows and sheep and passed though part of elk territory- no elk, sadly. Not yet anyway\'85 -AS
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Carol was trying to show us art and ronnie kept interrupting. She kept repeating: \'93Don\'92t care about impressing anyone or yourself,\'94 and \'93Don\'92t try to create a perfect work.\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Fun night of stage banter. My first joke about the Nap Tune: \'93if you fall asleep, it\'92s only five minutes so we\'92ll wake you up after. Made a dumb, vaguely political speech. Made joke at the end, if anyone forgot Shine on Through lyrics, we would stop playing. People forgot; we stopped playing. A guy told me I was a natural comedian-I\'92ve never heard that before; it was a weird night -AS
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 I was in full extrovert mode after house concert. Conversation with a couple about how hard it is being American when you\'92re in a different country. I think they got a different meaning from our song. -CH}