{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 At this point, we\'92ve already spent like $200 on gas.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Drove up the hill to Pittock Mansion to see view of Portland. \'a0Saw giant yellow slug. Had a passionate debate about the color. (It was definitely yellow -SM).
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Heart coffee shop in downtown portland. Weird drinks. Aidan got Conor a job at the church. Jackson forgot his pillow and returned to the house to retrieve a pillow which turned out not to be his. Various people in Portland compliment Conor\'92s hat (thanks to Steven\'92s suggestion that Portland is the perfect place to wear such a hat if you want compliments). \'a0Then bookstore, wherein we get: 
\i A
\i0  
\i Certain
\i0  
\i Lukas
\i0  by Julio Cortazar, 
\i Secret Agent 
\i0 by Joseph Conrad, and maybe some Neruda.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Garlic wheat thins.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Podcasts, then Elk. Followed by protecting the elk, and explaining to another passerby that there were elk crossing the road, who replied \'93yeah they\'92ll do that.\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Ferry to victoria. Going through immigration. Jackson\'92s alibi was really confusing. We were very worried about having our fruits and vegetables confiscated. \'a0Worked on bios for church on the ferry. Hostel, the \'93ocean island inn,\'94 weird free drinks in hostel, working on first draft of \'93corner of my mind\'94 in hostel, then drinks with bandcamp. Keisha didn\'92t realize that Conor was the guy she talked to about applying for a job. Walked around victoria at night.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Drank a strong drink in the morning. Tonic water, house honey and an espresso shot. It was pretty bad but made me feel crazy.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Got a lot done and then went to eat some tortas. The place was hip. Tried Jackson\'92s good but grainy horchata.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Then on the road. Saw many elk in the swamp. Conor was among the first to spot the elk, and had to prove to himself and the group that they were not a mirage. We doubled back and got out of the car to see them and they were gone-most at least. We figured they were crossing the road so we walked back in the other direction. Tried to flag down traffic as they crossed. One van didn\'92t want to slow down and just missed elk. Conor got video. The van was right next to us later in the ferry. Lots of cars close together in the car ferry. Friendly white bald guy at customs. Got to hostel. Woman working plays Celtic fiddle. Hostel fed us lentils and vodka ice tea drink. Lentils good, vodka bad. Worked on song and played it with Conor. Then out for drinks with Jackson\'92s band camp friends. Vancouver seems cool. Hip like Montreal. Lots of homeless people. Pretty and clean. Feels bumpin\'92 for a Wednesday. The water is nice. It\'92s chilly and makes me nostalgic for fall. -AS
\f1\fs24 \
}