{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Steven and Conor got coffee, plus duck. Brunch with bandcamp people in victoria. Another bookstore. Ferry back to washington. Cold. postcards.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Went on a run. Saw a lot of homeless people and needle deposits on the streets. Brunch with bandcamp people. Ferry ride. US customs folks are worse than Canadian customs folks, not shockingly. Worried about money. Car to Seattle- \'93Celegy\'94 in honor of celery. Then tonight in Rubin\'92s house. The bathroom has door on skateboard wheels. You have to lean over to pee to avoid bumping head on ceiling. Guitar in bathroom, for enjoyment and privacy. We went to Mexican place. I got a cod burrito. Thought about Carmen San Diego a lot today. Talked about enemies at dinner. Peed on the side of the road and picked a blackberry to eat. Others were skeptical. \'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Conflict between past aidan and present aidan about dates. Past aidan tasked conor with preventing present aidan from eating dates. \'a0Aidan ended up eating the dates anyway, even though we tried to hide them.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Funny gossipy-high school situation in which maura was texting conor about kat, kat and maura were also texting a group text with jackson and conor, kat was texting conor, kat was texting jackson, and conor was telling rest of car about it. This during theo katzman album. Aidan and Steven felt excluded. Considered quitting the band and forming a touring blues duo.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Cherry Pie! \'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Conor slept with jackson, who stole the blankets.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sign \'93Anaconda Opportunity\'94 in two separate places.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Another sign:
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Two mile road
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 One mile\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \'93I thrive in limbo.\'94 -AS
\f1\fs24 \
}