{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ASZ really enjoyed sunrise run in Montana.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Sage grouse and antelope. This while listening to the Killers.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \'93There\'92s a moth in the cooler\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93That\'92s terrible\'94
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'93Bye, bye\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \'93Sweet Cron\'94
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 One of many successful backseat assembly line sandwich making sessions.
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Overheard in gas station:
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \'93He\'92s forty years old and hasn\'92t shot his first deer yet.\'94
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 \'93I\'92m no longer worried about people eating me because it seems to be an empty threat (I hope).\'94 
\i0 -SM
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sang a song about mud volcanoes (See videos in Alicia\'92s photo folder for more). IMG_0661.MOV or IMG_0660.MOV (also in Day 6 folder)
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Lyrics:
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \'93Mud mud mud, mud volcano.
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 Mud mud mud, mud volcano.
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 You stink, you smell, you\'92re not like a wishing well.\'94
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 (slow) Buuuuut if you were a wishing well,
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 I\'92d throw a penny into you,
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 (fast) and hope to get rid of that awful smell. 
\f1\i0\fs24 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 Ohhhhhhhh (repeat!).\'94
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 In Yellowstone. Probably the most beautiful place of my life. Swam in the hot springs. They were disorienting. Four temperatures at once, all extremes: the chilly river, the hot spring water, hot sun and cold breeze. Changed outside behind a tree. Saw a bison. It was big and noisy. Caught sunset at the Grand Tetons. Played duets with Steven as we watched. Came back to Driggs. Pitch black roads. Cooked a quick chili. Then sat around the bonfire drinking beer and roasting stale marshmallows. After played some music. Sang a song about the Grand Tetons from a poem in a history book. Then started just singing the history book. 
\i Thought it sounded really bad.-AS (It sounded really good -S). (It was really creative and ASZ was impressed and even sang a verse. -ASZ).
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Cooked midnight chili and drank beer and stayed up until 4 in the morning. Jackson debuts on the mandolin. Steven delighted all with an old Western impression: \'93Blues Manwaring\'94. (videos in folder)
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Jackson brought his umbrella to the campfire so he wouldn\'92t get rained on (img 0167). \'a0Everyone else got wet. Campfire clothes smell like campfire from this point on.
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 We sang the \'93Water Water\'94 song:
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 Water, water that\'92s what you do with water!
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 You can ________________
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 That\'92s what you do with water.
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 You can ________________ (ideally rhymes with other phrase)
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 That\'92s what you do with water.
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \

\f0\i\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf3 \strokec3 (repeat)
\f1\i0\fs24 \cf2 \strokec2 \
}