{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ASZ turned 22 and was surprised by a cherry pie in the motel at midnight! WOW!
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Conor emerges from sleeping bag-as-chrysalis with the exquisite technique of an accomplished ballerina.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 We read really interesting articles in the Wyoming local paper, esp. about taking kids hunting. And ate waffles for breakfast in the motel.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Saw Mount Rushmore briefly. Drove through really pretty hills and forests with sun shining down. \'a0We drove through the first time and weren\'92t going to park so we wouldn\'92t have to pay, but it turns out you can\'92t actually see anything without paying, so we went through again and paid our four dollars and then we saw it. 
\i We didn\'92t fit in.
\f1\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Drove through Deadwood and aidan got Guthrie a present.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Everybody is sick of Conor\'92s habit of drawing comparisons between the surrounding landscape and sci-fi stuff.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Drove into Badlands at dusk. At this point, we\'92ve been listening to Prince for 3 hours. We decide prince is no longer the right vibe for the scenery and turn him off. Set up camp. Ate dinner (Beer and veggie burgers) by the glow of phonelight. Eyes adjust to the light.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 There were a lot of really big spiders that kept scurrying out of their equally large holes. \'a0There were even bigger holes that looked really scary and like they could potentially house giant spiders. \'a0They turned out to only contain hundreds of really cute prairie dogs.
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Walked in circles around the campground looking at stars. So many stars. \'a0Giant orange moon!
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Obligatory conversation about college in retrospect and what we want to do with our lives. Go to bed with necks sore from marveling at the wide expanse of the multiverse. Fell asleep to coyotes (voice memo in day 8 folder)
\f1\fs24 \
}